
What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
-it creates a hidden git file where it will track all the changes in the files
you add to the repository. You have to do this so you can start keeping track
of changes with git!


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
 What value do you think it offers?
 -the staging area is an intermediate "directory" where files from the working
 directory that are going to be added to the repository are shown before they
 actually are added. This is useful to create logical commits when you have
 more than one change that have to go on separate commits (per logical change)


 How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
  change?
-by logging the contents of the staging are with git status and making sure all
 the staged changes are in fact one logical change.

 What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
  history organized? How would branches help?
  -when adding experimental features wile keeping the master version alive
  -a branch would allow you to experiment with the live code without
  affecting it.

  How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
  -it makes it clear that git has a non-linera structure and some commits may
  not be reachable from git log on any other branches.

  What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
  in the diagram the way we do?
-Merging two branches together combines their respective changes ("commits ")
IT is shown as such in the diagram to emphasize that both chains of commits
are now accessible by the new master.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
 manually?
-pros, auto, manual: no need to look over easy obvious changes, make sure you
commit only intended changes (more appropriate)
cons, auto,manual: may accidentally merge unintended ambiguous changes, will
take a very long time to go over all changes to avoid possibility of ambiguity.
